Hi, my love. I want to remind you again na you did your best today, and I’m very proud of you every time kasi, baby, it shows how strong you are despite all the odds, and baby, for me, you are the painter of my life, with each stroke of your soul plunging into mine making everything much more colorful and making me realize things, that love doesn’t need compensation but rather giving each other a love that is so genuine to the point that even when the distance is nowhere near, the love still stays the same because you mean so much to me, you are the sweetest feeling, my love, and wishing I’m with you, I see you in everything that is beautiful, you are my tulip in a world full of roses, and I cherish every moment with you, and remember, baby, for as long as I’m here you will always be loved no matter what, and I’ll stay all the time no matter what happens to us, and I’ll keep supporting you and listening to each of your words, I will always love you, my baby, and I appreciate you so much, baby.




Hi, my love. I hope that you're doing good right now. I know, baby, na pagod ka ngayon, and I want to remind you again, baby, that you did your best today. And I'm so happy for us, baby, na we got through this day together. I hope this continues more, my love.
And I want to thank you, baby, because I'm doing my best from time to time na ayusin ang sarili ko while loving you. Ikaw ang araw sa tag-ulan at sa maulap kong umaga, kasi baby, you make everything clear for me, especially kung paano kita mahalin. I'm realizing a lot of things because of you, baby. Hihi.
I appreciate you so much, my baby. And if you're worrying about someone better, baby, that will never be the case. Kasi baby, my heart is full of you, and I find my peace when I'm with you, my love. Just by thinking of you makes me happy and keeps me smiling the entire day.
You could never be unloved by me, baby. My soul is so attached to yours, and I will always love you no matter what, my baby. MWAPZZZZZZZ


Hi, baby. As I’m making this, I’ve got a smile on my face, so you should too, baby, kasi starting our day with a smile can help us be positive throughout the day. Hihi.
And of course, baby, ikaw yung reason sa mga ngiti ko. That’s why I want you to know, baby, kung gaano kita naa-appreciate sa lahat ng bagay na ginagawa mo. And I love everything about you, my baby.
And I’ll do my best to show you that na mayroong isang tao na nag-aappreciate sa lahat ng ginagawa mo. Hihi. I’m always proud of you, kahit anong mangyari. Walang makakapantay sa’yo, maging sino man sila.
And remember, baby, they’ve got nothing on you. I only have eyes solely for you to feel.


Hello, baby, I hope you're doing well right now, and I just want to say, baby, I'm so proud of you for going through another day, hihi, and gusto lang rin kita i-remind, baby, na hindi ako aalis sa side mo kahit gaano ka ka-busy, you are the masterpiece my heart keeps admiring and loving because it shows how beautiful you are, and remember, baby, I'll love you when you feel like you're not enough because I'm your other half, you are my partner, my baby, so put your trust in me, baby, that I'll wait for you kahit kailan, no matter what it takes, as long as it's you, I'll do whatever it takes to be yours because you are the most captivating woman I know, and remember, baby, ako'y sa'yo at ika'y akin lamang